*********************
* JFREEREPORT 0.8.1 *
*********************

13 December 2002

1. INTRODUCTION
---------------
JFreeReport is a free Java report library, distributed under the terms
of the GNU Lesser General Public License (see license-LGPL.txt for
details).  JFreeReport is developed by Thomas Morgner, David Gilbert
and others.

For the latest news and information about JFreeReport, please refer to:

    http://www.object-refinery.com/jfreereport/index.html


2. INSTALLATION
---------------
Detailed instructions for installing JFreeReport are provided in the
jfreechart-install.pdf file.  You can download this file from the
JFreeReport home page. 


3. JAVADOC HTML PAGES
---------------------
The Javadoc HTML pages for JFreeReport are available on-line at the
JFreeReport home page.  You can also regenerate the Javadocs directly
from the source code.  There is a task in the Ant script (see below)
that makes this relatively simple.


4. SUPPORT
----------
Free support is available via the JFreeReport forum, follow the link
from the JFreeReport home page.  Please note that questions are
answered by volunteers, so there is no guaranteed response time or
level of service.

Please avoid e-mailing the developers directly for support questions.
If you post a message in the forum, then everyone can see the
question, and everyone can see the answer.


5. REPORTING BUGS
-----------------
If you find bugs in JFreeReport, we'd like to hear about it so that we
can improve future releases of JFreeReport.  Please post a bug report
at the JFreeReport project page on SourceForge:

    http://sourceforge.net/projects/jfreereport

Please be sure to provide as much information as you can.  We need to
know the version of JFreeReport that you are using, the JDK version,
and the steps required to replicate the bug.  Include any other
information that you think is relevant.


6. ANT
------
We use an open source build tool called Ant to build JFreeReport.  An
Ant script is included in the distribution:

    <jfreereport-directory>/ant/build.xml

You can find out more about Ant at:

    http://jakarta.apache.org/ant

Ant is licensed under the terms of the Apache Software License (a
popular open source software license).


7. CHECKSTYLE
-------------
We use a free utility called Checkstyle to apply a consistent coding
style to the JFreeReport source code.  You will find the Checkstyle
property settings in the following file:

    <jfreereport-directory>/checkstyle/properties.txt

You can find out more about Checkstyle at:

    http://checkstyle.sourceforge.net/

Checkstyle is licensed under the terms of the GNU LGPL.


8. OTHER FEEDBACK
-----------------
For other feedback and comments, please post a message on the
JFreeReport forum.
